    I did no have enough time to add all the features I wanted, but I still 
have a really cool app with great features that works rather well if the 
application is used properly. This document will attempt to do this.

    Bootstrap was down significantly during the last 48 hours of development.
This hurt the usability of the app, mainly the selection of origin and
destination stations. This must be done manually and the Spelling and 
capitalization of the characters must match the stations exactly in the list
below. 

    One of the best features is the app is designed to dynamic and add any 
train route, for example, a Red Line train, an Amtrack, or any schedule just
by replacing a properly formatted JSON string “json_str_train” in the file 
blueline.js.

    This train app is modeled after the train I take to and from class every 
week, the CTA Blue Line. It starts at the Clark/Lake station, goes out to 
OHare, stays there for a while, and then returns. There are 17 stations. There
is an outbound schedule and an inblund schedule. By entering your origin staion
and destination station, the app will figure out whether you are using the
inbound or the outbound route.

Clark/Lake
Grand
Chicago
Division
Damen
Western
California
LoganSquare
Belmont
Addison
IrvingPark
Montrose
Jefferson Park
Harlem
Cumberland
Rosemont
OHare

Adding a train
  - Enter any string for the Train Id, or name.
  - Enter the train time in HHMM format for the time the train is leaving the 
    Clark/Lake train station.
  - Click Submit

Finding a schedule
  - Enter the time you will be leaving in HHMM format
  - Enter the Station you will be leaving from
  - Enter your destination station.
  - Click Submit

Limitations

  - The user must enter the station name perfectly form the above list. Because
    of Bootstrap being down so much, I could not add the drop down lists as
    originally designed

  - The trains will not be displayed until the user has chosen 
    - an origin station
    - a destination station
    - a start time at the origin station

  - It will only display trains that can get the rider from his origin station 
    to his destination station based on the current time. The one minute timer 
    effect removes trains from the list after they have passed the origin 
    station.

